Now that we understand our current income statement,
meaning we understand money in and money out,
and what our expenses are, we're gonna create your
new and improved monthly income statement.
And so this will come in handy later on,
when we discuss budgeting, so you can realize
your financial dreams later in life.
And so, in this section, and in Exercise
Number Three, we're gonna discuss well over
100 ways to reduce your expenses.
And so you can either watch the videos
in this section, or click on the "How To Save"
buttons in Exercise Three per this video.
And so don't worry I'll make it very clear when
to complete Exercise Number Three.
But first of all, before we dive in,
I wanted to change our perception
about the process of saving,
and together, let's think about how saving
money feels great, and it's fun, like a game.
And these tips will actually save you, literally,
thousands of dollars every year.
And if you invest thousands more each year,
then you'll have, literally, millions more
much later in life because of the
power of compound interest.
And this will all make much more sense
to you very soon in this course.
This section, we're going to do together.
And Exercise Number Three, I just want to say,
is incredibly ambitious, and I humbly hope
that this will be an event that you will
remember and stick to forever, as this moment
that changed your financial future.
Now there's 17 save money category lessons
that we're gonna discuss before
completing Exercise Number Three.
Again, 17 save money category lessons we're gonna
discuss before we complete Exercise Number Three.
And if a certain lesson, or a certain save money concept
does not apply to you, like the section on
saving money if you have children or pets, etc.,
then just skip those sections please.
Just watch what applies to you.
Also, in order to organize this process
and make it easier for you to navigate
each save money section, or lesson,
at the beginning of each lesson I'm going
to show you this screen.
You see this here?
And this shows you exactly where to go,
time-wise, in that lesson, to learn about
that saving money strategy.
Or you can just watch the entire lesson.
Your call.
Your call here.
I think we're all at different stages in our lives.
And the trick here is that we always
must live below our means.
And Warren Buffet, who I'll be quoting
a couple times in this course,
he's probably the best investor in history,
but he's still really cheap.
And so are many wealthy people.
And that's how they became wealthy.
And Warren Buffet once said,
"Don't save what is left after spending,
instead, spend what is left after saving."
Think about that one.
Well that's deep.
(laughs)
And so, in 2003, I actually met Bill Gates.
And I sat right beside him at a lunch event
at Microsoft Headquarters.
Actually the reason I was able to sit beside him,
I was kind of aggressive, there was just this
huge lunch meeting, 500 people there, whatever,
and there was assigned seating, and I was
nobody, and I saw a gap between Mr. Gates
and the Fidelity Portfolio Manager,
that was the biggest shareholder,
and I pulled up a chair.
I figured I'd never get a chance again to do that.
I'm glad I did though, I'm glad I did.
I got to talk to him.
When I walked him to his car after that,
that big lunch event, I was asking him a
gazillion questions, and I thought actually a
limousine would pick him up.
And he actually got into a very cheap,
beat up, old, blue Lexus, which had his
kids' car seats in the back.
Then he drove himself home.
And separately, do you know who this is, right here?
This guy drives this car.
I didn't know who this guy was, but it's
actually the billionaire founder of IKEA
who drives this car, and is incredibly cheap.
Again, this is how they became wealthy.
And we're gonna be like them on this save,
protect, make money journey that we're gonna
go through together in this course.
And if you can't save money, I have to stress
this again, if you can't save money yet today,
don't worry about it.
I just want you to understand these concepts
so that when you get a raise later,
you will save the additional amount you make,
instead of spending it.
And then, later in the course,
we're gonna discuss how, when you get a raise,
we're gonna set up auto withdrawals from your
paychecks, so you don't spend it,
because you can't see it.
Out of sight, out of mind.
And we're gonna make auto withdrawals
to your savings account at your bank
slightly more than you think so you're
forced to save.
This will make more sense soon.
We're gonna discuss more about that later,
but just please remember that, as you go
through the next 17 save money lectures,
how much very small amounts can be worth
in the future, like we discussed in
Exercise Number One.
We're all in this together, in this partnership,
so please leave a comment also in the Q&A
section in this course if you have other ways
to save money that aren't discussed here
so we can all learn from each other.
Thank you.
And so in the next lecture, we're gonna start
by discussing saving money on taxes.
And then the rest of the sections, or lectures,
will be in alphabetical order,
the 16 save money lectures after that.
And so after you watch the next 17 lectures,
or at least the ones that apply to you,
please take notes on what you learned,
that you can apply in order to save
more money because we will use this in
Exercise Number Three later in the course.
And so please enjoy saving money in this section.
Thank you.